edge-23.2.1 (#10288)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-23.2.1

This edge release sees the `linkerd-cni` plugin moved to
`linkerd2-proxy-init` and released from that repository. An iptables
improvement to `linkerd-cni` and `proxy-init` is the main focus. Other
minor fixes are also included.

* Upgrades `linkerd-cni` to v1.0.0 which is now published from
  `linkerd2-proxy-init` and makes iptables rules idempotent (thanks @jim-minter!)
* Upgraded `proxy-init` from v2.1.0 to v2.2.0 which makes `iptables` rules

>   idempotent (thanks @jim-minter!)

Reviewer: I believe logging was also improved for `linkerd2-proxy-init` and `linkerd-cni`?

Author: yes for `linkerd-cni` but not for `linkerd2-proxy-init`. Added!

> * Add `server_port_subscribers` metrics to server and service watchers

Reviewer: I think we can give more details here, all related to the Destination controller, perhaps as different items:
- Added the `server_port_subscribers` metric to track the number of subscribers to Server changes associated with a pod's port.
- Added the `service_subscribers` metric to track the number of subscribers to Service changes.
- Fixed a small memory leak in the opaque ports watcher.

Author: Perfect, that's now added.

> * Don't apply `waitBeforeExitSeconds` to control-plane pods

Reviewer: It'd be more exact to say "control plane, viz and jager extension pods". Sorry the PR/commit title wasn't accurate...

Author: Thanks and I fixed the issues with mixed tense.

# Changes

## edge-23.2.1

This edge release sees the `linkerd-cni` plugin moved to
`linkerd2-proxy-init` and released from that repository. An iptables
improvement to `linkerd-cni` and `proxy-init` is the main focus. Other
minor fixes are also included.

* Upgraded `linkerd-cni` to v1.0.0 which is now published from
  `linkerd2-proxy-init` and makes iptables rules idempotent (thanks @jim-minter!)
  as well as minor logging improvements

> * Upgraded `proxy-init` from v2.1.0 to v2.2.0 which makes `iptables` rules

Reviewer 2: We still have a dupe here 😅

> * Upgraded `linkerd-cni` to v1.0.0 which is now published from
>   `linkerd2-proxy-init` and makes iptables rules idempotent (thanks @jim-minter!)
>   as well as minor logging improvements.
> * Upgraded `proxy-init` from v2.1.0 to v2.2.0 which makes `iptables` rules
>   idempotent (thanks @jim-minter!).

Reviewer 2: Both of these points are sound to me but perhaps we could separate them based on the change, like so:

```suggestion
* Improved logging in `proxy-init` and `linkerd-cni`
* Changed `proxy-init` iptables rules to be idempotent upon init pod restart (thanks @jim-minter!)
```

I would maybe not specify that the version has been bumped. We generally don't do that when we release the proxy and for consistency it might be worth applying the same rationale here. If the team or you think we should include it though, we could add another line to the suggestion I gave above

```
* Bumped `proxy-init` to v2.2.0 and `linkerd-cni` v1.0.0
```

Author: `Changed `proxy-init` iptables rules to be idempotent upon init pod restart (thanks @jim-minter!)`

I think the challenge with this comment is customers might miss that it affects `linkerd-cni` as well.

Reviewer 2: Update looks great 👍🏻

* Added the server_port_subscribers metric to track the number of subscribers
  to Server changes associated with a pod's port.
* Added the service_subscribers metric to track the number of subscribers to
  Service changes.
* Fixed a small memory leak in the opaque ports watcher.

> * No longer apply `waitBeforeExitSeconds` to control plane, viz and jager

Reviewer 2: For the record, I had to double check that my correction is correct >.< 

```suggestion
* No longer apply `waitBeforeExitSeconds` to control plane, viz and jaeger
```
